1.Lift

1)Check dimensions of the lift.
2)Check the type of door of the lift is as per the specification.
3)Check the type of metal used in the lift interior and exterior.
4)Check the capacity of the lift.
5)Check the buttons in the lift to close and open the door.
6)Check that lift moves to the particular floor as the button of the floor is clicked.
7)Chek that lift stops when up/down buttons at particular floor are pressed.
8)Check if there is an emergency button to contact officials in case of any problem.
9)Check the time duration for which door remain open by default.
10)Check lighting in the lift.
11)Check that in case of power loss, there should be a backup mechanism to safely get into a floor or a backup power supply.
12)Check that in case multiple floor number button is clicked, lift should stop at each floor.
13)Check the type of door of the lift is as per the specification.
14)Check the capacity of lift.


2.Fan

1)Check the type of fan.
2)Check the number of blades on the fan.
3)Check the on/off functionality of fan.
4)Check the voltage/power requirement of the fan.
5)Check the maximum speed of fan.
6)Check the minimum speed of the fan.
7)Check that the speed of fan can be regulated using regulator.
8)Check the length of the fan  blades.
9)Check that the weight of the fan.
10)Check that the color of the fan.
11)Check the fan’s condition when continuously switched on for very large duration
12)Check if there is any lifetime of fan’s internal parts or the body
13)Check if the blades of the fan can be bend or not.


3.AC

1)Check the time taken by the AC from the plug-in and press the button.
2)Check the time taken by an AC to start cooling.
3)Check is there any Water Leakage When Ac gets Started.
4)Check a user can off or on the AC by using the remote.
5)Check is the Red LED light is displaying or not when the AC is in the state.
6)Check the Red light is blinking or not when Plugin.
7)Check the various functions of AC are working or not.
8)Check is the remote function is working properly or not by pressing the buttons.
9)Check the AC cooling of the temperature.
10)Check whether AC cooling is aired in every direction by moving the grill up, down, right & left.
11)Check the time taken by AC for Cooling according to the temperature.


4)Bottle

1)Check that the dimensions of the bottle.
2)Check that the color of the bottle.
3)Chek the material used in the bottle.
4)Check the weight of the bottle.
5)Check if the bottle is with a sipper or without a sipper.
6)Measure the volume of water that can be stored in bottle.
7)Check that bottle doesn’t leak when  placed upside down.
8)Check the bottle’s condition with liquid of different temperatures.
9)Check bottle’s condition with different liquids – water, tea, etc.
10)Check the insulation of bottle – time for liquid to achieves room temperature.
11)Check if the expiry date is clearly mentioned or not.
12)Check the maximum temperature of the liquid allowed.
13)Check the minimum temperature of the liquid allowed.

5)Chair

1)Check the material used for making the chair is as per the requirement.
2)Check is the dimension of the chair.
3)Check is the dimension of the weight.
4)Check is the dimension of the height.
5)Check the number of legs of a chair.
6)Check the chair back rest option.
7)Check the all leg of chair on a plane surface are equal or not.
8)Check is the chair is compatible for taking rest.
9)Check a human is able to sit comfortably or not on chair.
10)Check is the chair have an adjustment functionality or not.
11)Check the legs of chair is having any wheel or not.
12)Check is the chair is good enough to handle some specified amount of load.
13)Check what is the maximum amount of load the chair is handling.
14)Check the color of chair.
15)Check the type of the chair, example: Office chair, Dining room chair, Dentist chair,Swing chair, Public benches etc.
16)Check the balance of the chair.
17)Check the balance of the chair with three legs.
18)Check how Chair is working at different climate environmental conditions.

6)Remote

1)Check that all the buttons are present- 0 to 9, volume, channel up-down and other audio-video.
2)Check the functionality of power ON-OFF button.
3)Check that user can navigate to different single digit and multi digit channels.
4)Check that user can increase or decrease the volume.
5)Check that user can navigate up and down the channel using channel up and down buttons
6)Check that functioning of audio-video and other buttons.
7)Check the maximum distance from the Television set upto which the remote works smoothly.
8)Check the arc/different directions the remote control works correctly.
9)Check the battery requirement of the remote control.
10)Check the material of the remote’s body and its button.
11)Check the weight of the remote control.
12)Check the dimensions of remote control.
13)Check that there should be contrast between button’s color and remote’s outer body color.
14)Check the remote’s functioning on pressing more than one button simultaneously.
15)Check that the font – style and size of the numbers and other information should be readable.
16)Check that on battery discharge, the remote should work normally on inserting new batteries
17)Check the pressure required to press the button.
18)Check that any operation performed on the remote control while the TV is switched off or switched on.
19)Check if the remote control is water proof or not, if its water proof, check if it works normally after immersing it in water.




